so the things that you could prioritize first be what's important to you
and what's important to your family. Those things are will make the
difference in, ah, great duty station. Um, as far as like where you're
going and what you'll be able to do, what you do in your off time.
The second thing is your job and your plant the platform that you're
aspiring to go to, Um, I enjoy Didi G's s Oh, my preference would
be like a ddg out of same Mayport. Um, and third would probably
be the job. Like I mentioned before, I personally think that slows.
You know, you can do whatever job that's, you know that you're assigned
to you, confined their strengths and weaknesses within these job
and, you know, do it to the best of your ability. But of course, certain
jobs are more demanding than others. And certain aspects say,
for example, a chain of isil whips, you know, chain was responsible
for the entire plant of proportion plant and, you know, some auxiliary,
a lot of the auxiliary plants that actually run the ship so you
know you'll be your job is a lot more demanding um so those things out
prioritize would be You know what's more important to you as faras
your location a SZ far as you do the station. And that's important
to your family and platform that you will be working out of a DDG as
opposed to a cruiser or an Anthea and what job you aspire to do.